Proxy generation and remove section (#849)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn-proxies.md

- Any
- Non-transfer
- Governance
- Staking
- Identity Judgement

When a proxy account makes a `proxy` transaction, Polkadot filters the desired transaction to ensure
that the proxy account has the appropriate permission to make that transaction on behalf of the cold
account.

### Any Proxies

As implied by the name, a proxy type of "Any" allows the proxy account to make any transaction,
incuding balance transfers. In most cases, this should be avoided as the proxy account is used more
frequently than the cold account and is therefore less secure.

### Non-transfer Proxies

Proxies that are of the type "non-transfer" are accounts that allow any type of transaction except
balance transfers (including vested transfers).

### Governance Proxies

The "Governance" type will allow proxies to make transactions related to governance (i.e., from the
Democracy, Council, Treasury, Technical Committee, and Elections pallets).

> > Head over to our [Governance page](maintain-guides-democracy#governance-proxies) for more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> See [Governance](maintain-guides-democracy#governance-proxies) for more
```

the proxy relationship is the proxy account and the new account is the primary. Use extreme care
with anonymous proxies; once you remove the proxy relationship, the account will be inaccessible.

![anonymous proxy](assets/proxy_anonymous_diagram.png)

## Why use a Proxy?

Proxies are great to use for specific purposes because they add in a layer of security. Rather than
using funds in one sole account, smaller accounts with unique roles complete tasks for the main
stash account. This drives attention away from the main account and to proxies.

> Anonymous proxies in particular are great for permissionless management. In this example below,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anonymous proxies, in particular, can be used for permissionless management. In this example below,
```

> there is a multisig with four different accounts inside. Two of the accounts, Alice and Bob have an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
there is a multisig with four different accounts inside. Two of the accounts, Alice and Bob, have an
```

> anonymous proxy attached to it. In the case that the multisig wanted to add or remove Alice or Bob

Reviewer: ```suggestion
anonymous proxy attached to them. In the case that the multisig account wanted to add or remove Alice or Bob
```

> or even add in a new account into the anonymous proxy, the anonymous proxy would take care of that

Reviewer: Is this true?  I didn't know they could do that

Author: Yup! @lsaether  explained that to me =)

change. If a multisig wanted to modify itself without an anonymous proxy, a whole new multisig would

> be created. The use of an anonymous proxy in multisigs are useful for permisionless management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be created.
```

Already said this

![anonymous mutlisig proxy](assets/multisig_proxy_diagram.png)

## How to set up a Proxy

### Using the Polkadot-JS UI

> To set up either a governance, staking, identity judgement, or any proxy, head over to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up a proxy, navigate to the
```

> [Polkadot-JS UI](https://polkadot.js.org/apps) and in the navigation tab, click on "Developer" >

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Polkadot-JS UI](https://polkadot.js.org/apps) and click on "Developer" >
```

> "Extrinsics". Here we will see a page that looks similar to this:

Reviewer: Maybe better to link directly to the extrinsics page above?

![proxy generation](assets/polkadot_generating_proxy.png)

> Now, to add a proxy, we must first click on the selection of pallets, the button will be "submit the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a proxy, click on the pallet selection dropdown menu.  The dropdown is labeled "submit the
```

> following extrinsic". Select the "proxy" pallet to load in all the functions that come with it. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
following extrinsic". Select the `proxy` pallet, then the `addProxy` extrinsic (in the dropdown menu next to it). The
```

`addProxy(proxy, proxy_type)` function will need to be selected in order to add in a proxy. The
chosen proxy account that you set will be the account that has the proxy on it. The selected account

> at the top is the account that will be the user primary account or stash account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
at the top is the account that will be the primary account.
```

> > Note! If you see an "unused" option when adding in a proxy, this is not a proxy type. This is an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: If you see an "unused" option when adding in a proxy, this is not a proxy type. This is an
```

> empty enum, and if you try to add this in as a proxy, nothing will happen. No new proxy will be
> created.

### Creating Anonymous Proxies on Polkadot-JS UI

For anonymous proxies, a different function will need to be called, the

> `anonymous(proxy_type, index)`. This will let you customize what kind of anonymous proxy you'd like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`anonymous(proxy_type, index)`. This will let you select which kind of anonymous proxy you would like
```

to set up if you choose, as well as the index.

![proxy generation](assets/polkadot_anon_proxy.png)

### Another way to create Proxies

> There is also another other way you can set up a proxy on Polkadot-JS UI. Head over to "Accounts" in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is another way you can set up a proxy on Polkadot-JS UI. Go to "Accounts" in
```

> the navigation and then the "Accounts" button inside. For each of the accounts you have on this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the navigation and then click the "Accounts" button. For each of the accounts you have on this
```

page, the three dot button will let you create a proxy by using "Add proxy". This will open up a pop
up onto your screen where you will be able to select the type of proxy for that specific account.

![proxy generation part 2](assets/polkadot_add_another_proxy.png)

> > Note! You cannot create an anonymous function from the Accounts page, you must be on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: You cannot create an anonymous function from the Accounts page, you must be on the
```

> Extrinsics page.

### Removing Proxies

If you want to remove a proxy, there are a few functions on the extrinsic page that will help do
this. The `killAnonymous()` function will let you remove an anonymous proxy. Both the

> `removeProxies()` and the `removeProxy()` will remove any other type of proxy but one function will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`removeProxies()` and the `removeProxy()` will remove any other type of proxy but the former will
```

> remove all proxies made while the other will remove one proxy, respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
remove all proxies made while the latter will remove one selected proxy.
```
